[Music]
hello and welcome to she's got flavor I
am so excited today because we are going
to be doing one of our well my rather
favorite comfort foods and that is
macaroni and cheese you're going to
absolutely love it a lot of people are
intimidated by macaron baked macaroni
and cheese but it's really just four
stages you have your noodles that you
have to cook and season up you have your
roux your cheese rule that you'll have
to make and then you have your topping
that's going to go on top of the mac and
cheese and then we're just going to bake
it in the oven so just four simple steps
it really is easy also if you rather
cook your macaroni cheese on the
stovetop if you visit my website at
wwe.com and look under video recipes
you'll see a video for stovetop macaroni
and cheese all right so let's go ahead
and get started the first thing that you
want to do is you want to go ahead and
cook your macaroni noodles just as
instructed on the back of the box and
I've already done that and I'm just
gonna use the same pot here this large
saucepan that I use to cook my macaroni
noodles in and what I'm gonna do is just
put that on on a little bit of heat
because we're going to start to make our
roux in just a few minutes but before I
do that I'm gonna get my macaroni
noodles here and I'm just gonna put them
into a bowl okay because what I like to
do and some people don't do this they
don't take this step but I like to
actually season my noodles up before I
put it into my cheese roux so what I've
done is I just poured the macaroni
noodles and they're already done and
then I'm just going to put in a little
bit of olive oil and some butter and in
order to get the direct exact
measurements all you have to do is go to
my website at wwe.com and you can find
all the exact measurements
so I put the olive oil in the butter in
and I'm just going to stir that up so
that all of our all of my noodles have a
little bit of butter a little bit of
olive oil and then the next thing that
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and
season it so I'm gonna take a little bit
of sea salt
love me some sea salt wonderful flavor
so I'll put a little bit of sea salt
inside my noodles I'm also gonna add a
little bit of pepper just a little bit
of the pepper because it's a little bit
hot I'm also going to add some
granulated garlic
another great seasoning for great flavor
I'm gonna add that right in and then the
last things I think I'm gonna add is a
little bit of Old Bay I know you're
thinking okay what that's seafood but
trust me I am the queen of flavor you're
gonna love it so just put a little bit
of Old Bay all right and then what we're
gonna do is we're gonna go ahead and
stir that up so all of our noodles are
nice and seasoned oh goodness
Wow the steam from this is already
smelling wonderful by adding these
seasonings to the noodles all right so
now that we've done that I can go ahead
and just put my noodles to the side I'll
come back and get those babies after I
make my roux and then all I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna make my rule again on the
same pot that I use to make my my
noodles so come on over and take a look
I'll show you how we do it so I have the
eye on my saucepan and so I have it on
high and I'm just gonna go ahead and add
my butter says little sizzle baby all
right and I'm just gonna cut it down to
medium because I don't want my butter
all my room to burn all right so I'm
just gonna let that melt down see that
butter just melting down real nice and
again you can get the exact measurements
from WWE's got flavor calm and they'll
give you the exact measurements for
these recipes and a whole lot more all
right so I mean our butter is pretty
much melted just have a little bit more
to go
that baby will melt down okay so the
next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go
ahead and add my flour to my roux okay
and when you're making a roux you want
to always stir
that's the key component here you want
to always stir if you stop stirring
you're going to be in a whole lot of
trouble okay so and don't worry it's
gonna look a little crumbly that's
normal and I'm just gonna add a little
bit more butter to this there we go all
right that's good hey watch it needs to
look crumbly but no one could look dry
alright so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna start slowly pouring in
you said you notice I'm still whisking
so I'm gonna stir in my help
see how I'm just stirring it in and it's
gonna start so thicken and once we have
this nice and smooth and thickened then
we're gonna add our cheese and let that
melt down I'm just adding this slowly in
great this is exactly what you want to
see
all right so I'm just going to cut my
heat up just a little bit a little bit
more heat when the cheese goes in to
start melting all right so I have some
cubed Velveeta cheese and you see that
here I just cut them up into cubes and
that's really just to help them melt
quicker obviously the smaller the pieces
the quicker it'll melt so I'm just gonna
add these in slowly and just let it melt
up all right and if you see your roots a
little bit too thick like I think this
is just a little bit too thick we can
always add some liquid to it I'm going
to add a little bit more milk to the pan
because you do your roux is supposed to
be wet so you don't want it to be too
thick okay guys so this is the
consistency that you want in the end you
see how creamy that is it's not watery
but it's creamy and it's cheesy yummy
yummy yummy yummy okay so at this point
you can go ahead and turn your fire off
okay
because what we're gonna do is we're
gonna we're gonna season this just a
little bit and then we're gonna add our
noodles and fold it in so I'm gonna take
a little bit more sea salt here okay and
season our roux and just a little pinch
not too much of black pepper just a
little bit all right what's that in so
now we're ready for our pasta noodles
and all I'm gonna do is just dump it in
to our cheese roux here that's just
waiting for it and I'm just gonna kind
of piece this put a little bit in and
stir first and then add a little bit
more to make sure that every noodle gets
a little bit of the cheese okay so now
that we have our noodles and our cheese
Roux and we're have them all
incorporated and they're happy and
they're waiting to get baked what we
going to do is we're going to take a
baking dish and you can use any kind of
dish I just use the one that I had most
handy and then
what I did was I took some soft butter
and I just buttered my dish now if you
want to be a little bit light on the
butter you can always shoot some Pam
over your dish as well works just as
good all right so I'm gonna kick take my
noodles that have already been folded in
with the roux and I'm just gonna put
them into the pan and spread them out
once they get in here
nice and then the last thing that we're
gonna do before we bake these babies are
or is rather we're gonna go ahead and
make the topping because I like my mac
and cheese to have a nice topping and
you're gonna you're gonna really love
the idea I came up with for my topping
all right so I'm just going to spread
this out so be nice and even all right
there we go and I don't know if I
mentioned preheat your oven to 400
degrees okay all right
here we go all right so that's our
macaroni and cheese noodles with our
cheese roof so now what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna make our topping and what I
have here are three things the first
thing is I've crushed up some croutons
and their butter and garlic croutons and
now you're again just like with this the
old bay you're like what are you doing
trust me on this one you're gonna love
it
so I just crush them up and all I did
was I just put them into a ziplock bag
and I just smash them up really fine and
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add some
melted butter and then I'm also gonna
add some cheese now remember we use the
Velveeta cheese for the roux so I'm
gonna use some Monterey Jack and some
Colby cheese that I've just shredded up
now the Monterey Jack and the Colby
they're a mild cheese and I like my
macaroni and cheese to be mild all the
way through Velveeta is also a mild
cheese but if you like a little bit of
you know sharpness you can always mix
your topping with some cheddar cheese
okay so all I'm going to do is I'm just
going to pour my butter and
ooh my croutons and I'm gonna add some
cheese to it and then I'm just gonna mix
it up that's all I'm going to I'm gonna
mix it up and then after we mix all of
this up we're gonna get a little dirty
because we're gonna use our hands to put
it on top of our baked macaroni and
cheese so this is the part where we get
a little dirty and we're just gonna take
our hands and get into that topping and
we're just gonna spread it all around
until it's fully covered everywhere
because you every time you take a bite
out of your mac and cheese you want to
get a nice crunch and then you're also
layering it with another type of cheese
so it's gonna give it a little bit more
flavor and you know I love the what the
flavor so let's go ahead and just finish
this up and again I do have my my oven
there preheating to 400 degrees and
we're just gonna cook this for about
maybe 15 to 20 minutes really until the
top part the cheese on the top is melted
and the middle has gotten a chance to to
gel because remember the macaroni
noodles are already cooked you made you
cooked your room so really we're just
letting it bind and we're letting the
top piece melt down all right so that is
it my dear EES I'm gonna go ahead and
I'm gonna throw this in the oven on 400
degrees and as soon as it's done it's
done I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna
show it to you of course I gotta taste
it I'll see you in a sec all right guys
we're done with baking our macaroni and
cheese and it is gorgeous and I know
it's gonna take taste just as great all
right so now it's time to plate this and
taste this all right can't wait
okay you say we put one of these back on
alright did you hear that crunch from
the top oh my god whoa what look at that
oh my goodness
Wow all right let's have taste here it's
really hot just came out of the oven so
see make sure I get some of that crunch
[Laughter]
this is another home run this is so good
the crunch from the top and then the
roux the cheese roux and then the
different texture and the other cheese
and this is just fabulous this is just
this is wonderful
okay as I mentioned before now I know I
said it a hundred times you can get all
these measurements at WWE's got flavors
calm and the reason I've mentioned it so
many times it's because I get emails
sometimes asked me well how much do I
use of this and how do I do this okay go
to my cooking blog
www.gfi.com/webmonitor mama
finger-lickin pork barbecue ribs out of
this world they would be perfect with
this macaroni and cheese all right well
I have fun I hope you did too and I hope
that you will try this recipe until then
she's got flavor we'll see you later
bye-bye
[Music]